feat(config): support for target in lula config (#640)
defenseunicorns/lula: docs/reference/configuration.md

# Configuration

Lula allows the use and specification of a config file in the following ways:
- Checking current working directory for a `lula-config.yaml` file
- Specification with environment variable `LULA_CONFIG=<path>`

> Environment Variables can be specified through use of `LULA_<VAR>` -> Example: `LULA_TARGET=il5` 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Environment Variables can be used to specify configuration values through use of `LULA_<VAR>` -> Example: `LULA_TARGET=il5` 
```
